Clarify k8s setting up the cluster (#1268)
memgraph/documentation: pages/getting-started/install-memgraph/kubernetes.mdx

Note that the only part which you need to change from the above template is the
Bolt server address. The value of the Bolt server address depends on the type of
the external network you are using for accessing instances from outside.

> Visit [HERE](/clustering/high-availability#user-api) to read more details on
> Memgraph HA User API (adding coordinators or registering data instances).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see our documentation on the Memgraph HA 
[User API](/clustering/high-availability#user-api), including how to add 
coordinators and register data instances.
```
